I'm gonna go
no worries bro guys
alright murfreesboro tennessee and
delusion george is squaring off lay
still in 350z 370z g35 g37 engine
grounding kit who were giving away this
time we'll try the same question first
two gentleman from Mississippi couldn't
quite pull it up and try to get what was
the first city car model to be offered
with the turbocharged
you're going to be a slightly more
specific in order to get this answer
correct
oh it's 280zx they were different models
is the egg speech or tobo DZ did not
they were different bottles let's leave
a car I got a couple consolation prizes
for you we're going to try if you give
away that still at grinding it in just a
moment reminder 90 registration is open
if you're registered get it right or not
go register show and shine registration
is open as well
associate that he keeps going
or New York
Mary Shaw a vision weather
alright i sent these two away with a
consolation prize t-shirt for each other
excess energy tapering and heats got
about 10 or 12 packets of the wires
holding rubbing compound shiny in the
paint with you good i'll try to get the
snow and rowdy kids few moments i gotta
catch my breath